Interfaces
    specifies requirements on classes that mark themselves as 
        implementors of that interface
    There must be such a method on any class
        that claims to implement the interface

    The point of creating an interface is to decouple
        that needs functionality and code that provides 
        functionality

    e.g. methods in the Program class might accept a
        particular interface as a parameter. Then you 
        could pass into those methods an instance of 
        any class that implements that interface

Generics
    use <T> where T is the data type 
    Classes that use generics specify what type the classes can deal with

Type Casting
    Implicit: An instance of an interface can be assigned to any other 
        instance that implements that interface
    Explicit: If you try to assign an instance of the interface to an implementing 
        class, it won't work. Unless you know for sure that the implementing
        class is actually an instance of the interface.

Architecturual principle
-Separation of concerns: separating variables, methods, and classes that relate to one another
    Benefits:
        code readability, flexible, code reuse 
        maintainability, testability
    For projects, this kind of separation is common:
        application project just handles user input/output
        various library projects handle the actual c# logic

Libraries
    Application projects reference library projects in .csproj files

Solutions
    A solution consolidates projects together. Does not influence compiling

Access Modifiers
    Non-nested types: (e.g. class, interface, structs, enums,  etc.)
    only two access levels: internal, public
        -internal: access for everything in project
        -public: unrestricted

    Members: 4 access levels
        default access is private
        -public 
        -internal
        -private
        -protected: accesss to containing class and any child class

Types(Refernce or Value)
    Value ex: int, bool, double, struct,...
    Reference ex: string, List, Array, Class,...

    For value types, CLR knows it's always safe to free that memory when 
        the variable holding that value goes out of scope
        (e.g the end of the method)
    for reference types, CLR does not know how many variables across how 
        many different threads, objects, etc. might be pointing to given value
    
    For C# memory is managed (garbage collection)
        periodically, the CLR checks all memory, and frees anything with no variables
        (or fields etc) pointing to it

    "managed code", e.g. C#, means code running in an environment like the CLR
        that manages deallocating memory for the programmer.
    "unmanaged code" e.g. C 

Comment in VS:
    comment: Ctrl+K, Ctrl+C
    uncomment: with Ctrl+K, Ctrl+U

Inheritance
    A class without an explicit constructor implicitly gets a no-args constructor
        e.g. public Circle()
    Base class = parent class
    derived class = child class

    Every childe class constructor needs ot call some parent class constructor first
        default calls the zero-parameter one, if there is no zero-parameter constructor 
        then there is an error

        Use ":" then base constructor "base(parameter)"

    Inheritance allows one class to automatically have all methods, fields, properties, etc.
        of another class. 
        you can override the methods or properties of the parent class
        methods or properties have to be marked "virtual" otherwise they can't be overridden
            with keyword "override"
        Object class is the base class for all classes
            has ToString() method
                Console.WriteLine() uses Object.ToString() for objects
        C# allows "method hiding"
            if an object is derived but casted to its parent and is the hidden
                method is called, the parent method will be run
Modifiers
    Static: Classes can't be instantiated and all of their members must be Static
    Abstract: 
        Class:
        no, some, or all method implementations
        a class can only inherit from one class
        several classes will use the same implementation of some methods but different for others 
        put the common code in an abstract class, and let the others inherit from it 
        abstract methods don't have implementations
    readonly 
        used only on fields 
        can be changed only while the constructor is running
    new 
        used for intentional "method hidding"
    sealed
        used on class: cannot be extended
        used on methods: cannot be overridden if previously overridden 
    partial 
        class: allows you to have two files that have the same name in the same namespace 
    async
        only on members: allows for code to run in a non-linear manner

Serialization
    putting the memory of objects inside the program into a serialized format
    deserialization is the opposite

    -text format:
        JSON, XML
            human readable and computer readable
    
    -binary format
        Protobuf

    in .NET: 
        XML
            XmlSerializer (old, isn't generic) 
            DataContractSerializer 
        JSON
            DataContractSerializer
            JSON.NET (aka Newtonsoft Json) (third-party)
            System.Text.Json (recently built-in)

Threads 
    in C#, rather than work with threads directly we use Tasks
        it's a layer of abstraction over threads 

    Tasks
        a task is an object representing a long-running operation that
            may or may not have some Result that will later be available
        We use the "await" operator to extract that Result in a way that 
            lets other code run in the meantime 
        Look for an "Async" version of the method you would otherwise be calling to 
            get the task
        any method that uses "await" needs to itself become an asyn method
    When doing something async:
    1. call Async version of whatever library method
    2. await that task 
    3. mark the current method with the async modifier 
    4. if the method returns type T, change it to Task<T>
    5. as a matter of convention, add the Async suffix to your method name.
        (continue again from step 1 on the parts of your code that are now broken)

File IO 
    new FileStream(filePath, FileMode) file mode is how to open the file (e.g FileMode.create 
        creates a file and replace one if it has the same name)
    IDisposable
        the CLR manages memory for all CLR objects with garabage collection
            otherwise there would be memory leaks if you failed to clean up any object 
        any time you have .NET code open or access some resource OUTSIDE the CLR 
            (like the hard drive), you do need to manually tell it when you are done to avoid problems
        the IDisposable interface is implemented for any class that you need to do this for
            call the Dispose() method 
        use a try, catch, finally to ensure Dispose() method is called in the finally block

C# has an operator "?." which calls a method(or access a property/field/etc.)
    but only if the thing to the left is not null
C# has a "using statement" to replace the "resource = null, try, finally, resource.Dispose()"
    using(var fileStream = new FileStream(filePath, FileMode.Create))
    {

    } here, at the closing brace, is effectively "finally {resource?.Dispose()}